== README

Link to Heroku page: http://fathomless-badlands-2810.herokuapp.com/


Project Ideas:

Idea #1:
My first idea is to create some sort of personal organizer app. In order to stay organized, I currently use 3 methods of organization. First, I have a list of
all of my school assignments and deadlines organized by course. Second, I have a to-do list for other miscellaneous things that I need to do. Third, when I am
particularly busy, I like to use a calendar to organize all of my deadlines by date. I find that managing all 3 of these forms of organization can be tedious and
time consuming. Therefore, I would like to create a personal app that puts all of these forms of organization together and is specifically designed to coordinate
this organization efficiently.

Idea #2:
My second idea is to create a stopwatch managing application. I developed a case of tendonitis in my elbows and knees, and I follow 2 stretching programs to
rehabilitate my joints. Because I got sick of counting on my own, I use a stopwatch to time the duration of my stretches. Currently, I have to frequently reset
the stopwatch because it gets annoying having to mentally keep track of the timing and because many stretching exercises differ in duration. I would like to
create an app that allows you to pre-set various sequences of timing and save the sequences for future use.

Idea #3:
My third idea is to create an app that facilitates the process of organizing activities with my friends. I feel like every time I want to organize an activity
with my friends, I go through the same process. I find out if my friends are interested in an activity, find out everyone’s availability, and select the time
that works best for everyone. Although I do not currently have a concrete idea, I feel like I can create an app whose design allows the user to complete this
repetitive process more efficiently.


What I did:
1. Recreated the Google homepage using HTML and CSS.
2. Came up with 3 project ideas.


What problems I had:
1. Initially, I had trouble properly organizing and structuring my HTML and CSS code because I had hardly used HTML and CSS in the past.
I solved this problem by referencing the HTML and CSS guide that Jenny provided us and by carefully looking at Google’s HTML and CSS code.

2. There were several times when I trouble debugging unexpected behavior caused by my misunderstanding of HTML and CSS concepts.
I managed to correct most of these mistakes by doing some research online.

3. One problem that frequently came up was formatting my home page correctly.
To solve this issue, I primarily referenced Google’s CSS code and asked Jenny for advice on more specific tasks.